Documentation Restructure (#1231)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: examples/front_ends/simple_auth/README.md

Open the NeMo Agent Toolkit UI in your browser at http://localhost:3000.

> By default, the UI is configured to connect to your agent's API endpoint at `http://localhost:8000` and the WebSocket URL at `ws://localhost:8000/websocket`. These default values can be changed using environment variables. See the [Launching the UI](../../../docs/source/run-workflows/launching-ui.md) guide for environment variable configuration details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the UI is configured to connect to your agent's API endpoint at `http://localhost:8000` and the WebSocket URL at `ws://localhost:8000/websocket`. These default values can be changed using environment variables. Refer to [Launching the UI](../../../docs/source/run-workflows/launching-ui.md) for environment variable configuration details.
```
